1. Literature:
War and Peace is a novel by Leo Tolstoy, first published in 1869. The work is epic in scale and is regarded as one of the most important works of world literature. It is considered Tolstoy's finest literary achievement, along with his other major prose work Anna Karenina (1877).
The novel chronicles the history of the French invasion of Russia and the impact of the Napoleonic era on Tsarist society through the stories of five Russian aristocratic families. Portions of an earlier version, titled The Year 1805, were serialized in The Russian Messenger between 1865 and 1867. The novel was first published in its entirety in 1869.
Tolstoy said that War and Peace was "not a novel, even less is it a poem, and still less a historical chronicle". Large sections, especially the later chapters, are a philosophical discussion rather than narrative. He also said that the best Russian literature does not conform to standards and hence hesitated to call War and Peace a novel. Instead, he regarded Anna Karenina as his first true novel.
The novel is divided into four volumes, each volume containing several books. The first volume opens with the old Prince Bolkonsky's birthday party at his country estate. The guests include the Rostovs, the Bagrations, and the Kuragins. The novel's main characters are introduced: Pierre, Prince Andrei, and Natasha Rostov; Prince Andrei's sister, Princess Marya; and Boris, the eldest son of the old Prince Bolkonsky.
The second volume opens with the Rostovs' and Bolkonskys' preparations for the coming war. Pierre, who has been called to join the army, is sent to the front lines. The Rostovs and Bolkonskys are separated by the war.
The third volume opens with the Rostovs' and Bolkonskys' reunion in Moscow. Pierre is taken prisoner by the French. The Rostovs and Bolkonskys are reunited in Moscow.
The fourth volume opens with the Rostovs' and Bolkonskys' reunion in Moscow. Pierre is taken prisoner by the French. The Rostovs and Bolkonskys are reunited in Moscow.
2. History:
The history of the United States is what happened in the past in the United States, a country in North America. Native Americans have lived there for thousands of years. English people in the 1600s and 1700s settled there. In the 1770s, they fought the British for independence. The United States of America is now a country of 50 states. It has a capital, Washington, D.C., and an extensive history.
The United States has been a strong military power. It fought in World War I and World War II. It fought in the Korean War and the Vietnam War. It fought in the Persian Gulf War and the Iraq War. It is a member of the United Nations.
The United States has been a leader in science and technology. It has sent people into space. It has sent robots to explore other planets. It has sent satellites into space. It has sent people to the moon.
The United States has been a leader in the arts. It has produced many famous writers, artists, and musicians. It has produced many famous movies.
The United States has been a leader in business. It has many large companies. It has many large banks. It has many large factories. It has many large farms.
The United States has been a leader in sports. It has many famous athletes. It has many famous sports teams.
The United States has been a leader in education. It has many famous universities. It has many famous schools.
The United States has been a leader in politics. It has had many famous presidents. It has had many famous senators. It has had many famous representatives.
The United States has been a leader in many other ways. It has many famous people. It has many famous places. It has many famous things.
3. Science:
Water is a transparent fluid which forms the world's streams, lakes, oceans and rain, and is the major constituent of the fluids of organisms. As a chemical compound, a water molecule contains one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms that are connected by covalent bonds. Water is a liquid at standard ambient temperature and pressure, but it often co-exists on Earth with its solid state, ice; and gaseous state, steam
