To evaluate this argument, several pieces of evidence are needed:

1. Sales data from Zorblatt's two outlets in Harbor Town for the past 5 years to verify the claim of "a consistent drop in sales." Without concrete numbers, we cannot determine the severity of the drop or if other factors may have contributed. Access to Aquatic Pavilion's sales data would also help in comparing their growth to Zorblatt's decline.

2. Information on any other changes in the last 5 years that could have impacted Zorblatt's sales, e.g. new competitors entering the market, price changes, product issues, etc. A declining trend may not necessarily prove that a lack of advertising caused the drop in sales. Alternative explanations need to be considered.

3. Data on how much Aquatic Pavilion spent on advertising in Rare Pets Digest and other publications during this period. If they massively outspent Zorblatt, that may account for their sales growth, rather than advertising alone. Information on circulation numbers for these publications would also help in determining potential impact.

4. Zorblatt's historical advertising budget and strategies. Have they advertised previously? If so, in which publications? It's possible that advertising may have little effect or that Zorblatt needs to advertise in other types of media to reach their target customers. 

5. Sales data from other Zorblatt outlets, especially those in locations where Aquatic Pavilion does not operate. If sales have declined company-wide, a lack of advertising is likely not the sole cause. But if the drop in sales is limited to Harbor Town, that lends more support to the argument.

In summary, without concrete evidence on all these points, the argument that increased advertising in Rare Pets Digest will necessarily reverse the decline in sales is weak. The additional evidence may either strengthen or weaken the argument, depending on what insights it provides about the true causes of Zorblatt's falling sales and the potential impact of the proposed advertising campaign. More information is needed to make a persuasive case.
